hi everyone is here ak my future chic
and today i'm doing a keke palmer
inspired makeup tutorial by this picture
here
I really really like to make them look
the sheet shows well maybe her makeup
artist shows prior to wear today at red
carpet event I don't remember which one
was but she would look to a red carpet
event and looks really nice on her and
it was very neutral she had nice coral
brownish lips and then she had nice
brown orange tinted shadow on the lid
I've been a darker brown like in the
crease to like her neutral area and then
a very light skin colored highlight and
then nice coral orangish lips it was
like the perfect bronze round look for
her skin tone and I really hope you all
like the way that I pulled it off and
then i showed you all how to pull off in
this tutorial so if you want to know how
to get this look then keep on watching
and please remember this is an inspired
tutorial so everything is exactly the
way that she had it in her look but I
tried to get it as close to it as
possible but makeups that I already had
and to make it flatter me okay please
car born concealer in 03 change and
we're going to use this as an eye primer
it works so well as I primer I like it
better than using as a concealer so
we're just going to apply it all the way
up to our brow bones
air horn air laid everything to cut off
now we're using a closer face brush
exact needs to be a small concealer
brush so using for I styles and what you
just saw was a beauty treats palette and
I'm using the light brown color right
there switch and personally to action to
do that color also has a little bit of
orange tint to it so just apply it all
over your legs and your inner corners
and then you are also going to apply a
little bit above our creek
you
which means coffee shop and we're using
that george brown matte eyeshadows and
we're just going to apply it in the tape
of the beef and watch here how i do this
you
then the V will continue above the brown
the light Browns already applied and a
little bit into our crease and just
that's going to be our whole neutral
color so just keep applying it until you
get to where your highlight color will
be which is right below your brow bone
so don't interview if that just go a
little bit below your problem
you
that's all done were using that same
blush and we're using that palette the
beauty treat prowler and we just combine
a new color and a light gold color for a
highlight now we're blending it out with
fire from Coastal Scents blending brush
and blending it out we'll just make the
lines a little bit less harsh and what
it will make the look more wearable
now we're using our maybelline eyestudio
gel eyeliner and black is black i'm
using the Coastal Scents brush that came
in set it's a very small pink cut brush
and we're just going to apply that all
over our water line our lower lash line
and min and the inner corners too
night as I'm seen you wing it out a
little bit the way you do your wing is
like going the direction at your eyebrow
is going now we're applying it to our
upper lash line we're going to start
applying there very soon me just say
your line is nice and precise and then
it's going to get thicker as we go along
so you'll see how it works and see how
the line goes change in pitch as you
watch them applied
you
oh my gosh I blink so much from applying
eyeliner like I'm so nervous and then my
eyelashes getting away so much because
they're so Corellian stuff
we're going to connect that to win
now I learned then we're going to apply
that same brown color and brightness
corners
all of the eye shadow message make the
black a little bit more sub focus now
we're using our Maybelline volume rest
one by one mascara you're going to slide
at the top and bottom of our lashes and
you can also apply it from the lower
lashes
[Music]
now using our Jordana lip and eye liner
and dark brown and get some stuff apply
that on our lower lip runner-up in this
line those have to be perfect for this
mediate for the color not SP line arla
foods I'm just going to lose out a
little bit for that brown color now
we're using our fault cosmetics lip
gloss and firecracker it's very nice
coral orange color now we're using our
Jordana pretty satin lip gloss and
delightful you can see a few things of
that all we will read our lips together
and now we have a pretty coral color now
for our blood our blush I'm using our
blending brush and that is a blood it's
like light pink shimmery I got in a gift
set and that's it how's I don't remem oh
that's a nice orange coral pipe aye seto
and it works very well as a blush too so
we'll have to start playing with your
makeup and learning how to
for a few days and absolutely great
flood but now everything that setting
blending brush got a little hair on face
now we're just going to bring it out for
blush brush just miss the line for more
stuff to make it look more natural
now all done everything
[Music]
please comment any other celebrities
fire tutorials you want me to do or like
twitpic them to me and just give me
ideas and let me know how you like this
tutorial and itself to celebrity chose
and all of that good stuff once again
thanks for watching and remember my
future sheet in yours is to buy
[Music]